feat(KNO-13529): Docs for Knock hosted preference center (w/o custom domains) (#1474)
knocklabs/docs: content/preferences/overview.mdx

## Build your preference center

A preference center is a place where users can manage their notification preferences.

<Callout
  type="info"
  title="Use the hosted preference center."
  text={
    <>
      The fastest way to give your users a preference center is Knock's{" "}
      <a href="/preferences/hosted-preference-center">
        hosted preference center
      </a>
      , a no-code page that Knock renders and that you configure from the dashboard.

>       Reach for the steps below only when you need to build and host your own UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Reach for the steps below when you want to build and host your own UI within your application, or when you need to support <a href="/multi-tenancy/per-tenant-preferences">per-tenant preferences</a>.
```
